Title,Time,Ingredients,Instructions,URL
Tofu Parmesan Subs,0,"['1 14-ounce can crushed tomatoes', '1 clove garlic, smashed', '8 fresh basil leaves, torn', 'Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper', '1/2 cup breadcrumbs', '1/3 cup grated parmesan cheese', '1/2 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning', '1 large egg', '1 12-ounce package firm tofu, drained and sliced into 8 pieces', '2 1/2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling', '1 loaf whole-wheat Italian bread, cut into 4 pieces and split in half', '1/4 cup shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese', '1/2 pound baby spinach (about 8 cups)']","Preheat the broiler. Combine the tomatoes, garlic, basil and 1 cup water in a saucepan over medium-high heat. Season with salt and pepper and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.,Toss the breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons parmesan and the Italian seasoning on a plate; season with salt and pepper. Beat the egg in a shallow bowl. Dip the tofu in the egg, then in the crumbs, turning to coat.,Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the tofu and cook until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the bread cut-side up on a broiler pan; spread the bottom halves with sauce, then top with tofu, more sauce, the mozzarella and remaining parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts and the bread is toasted, about 2 minutes.,Meanwhile, heat the remaining 1/2 tablespoon olive oil in the empty skillet over medium-high heat. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper and let wilt, about 1 minute. Place on top of the cheese and cover with the bread tops.",https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/tofu-parmesan-subs-recipe-1972959
Jalapenos' Spinach Enchiladas,0,"['Enchiladas', '4  (10   ounce) packages   frozen chopped spinach or 4   bunches    fresh spinach, cooked', '2    tablespoons   chopped garlic', '1    large    onion, chopped', '1    lb    fresh mushrooms, halved', '1    tablespoon    butter', '2    slices    white bread, crusts removed', 'salt', '2    teaspoons    white pepper', '1⁄4   teaspoon    nutmeg', '1⁄2   teaspoon    chili powder', '2   eggs', '2    cups   grated monterey jack and cheddar cheese blend, divided', '10 -12   flour tortillas', 'Cilantro Cream Sauce', '3    cups    half-and-half', '1⁄4   teaspoon    cayenne pepper', '1 1⁄2   teaspoons    salt', '1    tablespoon    cornstarch, plus', '2    teaspoons    cornstarch, dissolved in a small amount of cold water', '3    cups   chopped cilantro']","For enchiladas, cook the spinach according to the package directions, if using frozen.,While spinach is cooking, combine garlic, onion and mushrooms in food processor, and process until coarsely chopped.,Melt butter in sauté pan, and sauté onion mixture until onion is translucent.,Remove pan from heat, and set aside.,Drain spinach, squeezing out excess water.,Make bread crumbs in food processor from sliced bread.,Add spinach, salt, pepper, nutmeg, chili powder and eggs.,Process until blended thoroughly.,Transfer to mixing bowl, and stir in onion mixture and 6 tablespoons cheese.,Preheat broiler.,Spoon a portion of filling onto each tortilla and roll it up.,Place each enchilada in casserole dish, seam side down.,Repeat until you've used up filling.,For cream sauce, mix half-and-half, cayenne, salt and a little of the dissolved corn starch in medium saucepan, and heat until thickened.,The sauce should be creamy, not runny; add more cornstarch mixture as necessary.,Off the heat, stir in cilantro.,Pour Cilantro Cream Sauce over tortillas, and sprinkle with remaining cheese.,Broil until cheese melts and turns a nice golden color.",https://www.food.com/recipe/jalapenos-spinach-enchiladas-173100
Cheesy Spinach Baked Penne,0,"['Nonstick cooking spray', 'Kosher salt', 'One 12-ounce box fiber-and-calcium-enriched penne', '1 tablespoon olive oil', '1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds, crushed', '3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced', 'One 28-ounce can no-salt-added crushed tomatoes', '1 sprig fresh basil plus 1/2 cup leaves, torn, for garnish', 'Freshly ground black pepper', 'One 8-ounce block part-skim mozzarella (half grated, half cubed)', 'One 16-ounce container 1-percent cottage cheese', '1/4 cup grated Parmesan', 'One 10-ounce block frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry']","Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mist a 2 to 2 1/2-quart rectangular or oval baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.,Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the penne and cook according to package directions for al dente.,While the pasta cooks, heat the oil in a medium pot set over medium heat. Add the fennel seeds and garlic and cook until aromatic, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, basil sprig, 1 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Simmer, lowering the heat if the sauce bubbles too vigorously, until the sauce has thickened slightly, the flavors have blended together and the raw tomato taste has cooked out, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, discard the basil and season with additional salt and pepper. Pour over the cooked pasta and toss well to coat. Add the cubed mozzarella and transfer half the pasta to the prepared baking dish.,Put the cottage cheese in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add the shredded mozzarella and Parmesan and pulse two to three times. Combine half the cottage cheese mixture with the spinach and mix to break up the spinach. Drop in spoonfuls over the pasta in the baking dish. Top the spinach layer with the rest of the pasta and then the remaining cottage cheese mixture.,Bake until bubbly and golden brown on top, about 30 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes, and then scatter the torn basil over the top.",https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/cheesy-spinach-baked-penne-recipe-2108892
5 Minute Vegan Pancakes,0,"['1    cup    flour (whichever kind you prefer)', '1    tablespoon    sugar (I used organic cane sugar)', '2    tablespoons    baking powder', '1⁄8   teaspoon    salt', '1    cup    soymilk', '2    tablespoons    vegetable oil']","Set out all your ingredients.,Set a stove element with a pan to medium heat.,Combine the 4 dry ingredients (flour, sugar, baking powder -- two Tablespoons, not two Teaspoons as some have suggested, salt) in a bowl.,Add the soy milk and vegetable oil to your mixture.,Mix until smooth.,Now the pan should be ready for your batter, so spoon one pancakes' worth of the mixture into the pan.,Flip [carefully] when you see bubbles in the middle of the pancake, or if the edges are looking stiffened.,Repeat until the batter is gone, and try not to eat them all while you're cooking them.",https://www.food.com/recipe/5-minute-vegan-pancakes-132263?ic1=suggestedAsset%7C5%20minute%20vPizzadilla,0,"['1                           tbsp.                  extra-virgin olive oil', '2                                             medium flour tortillas', '1/3                          c.                  pizza sauce', '2                                             cloves garlic, minced', '1                           c.                  shredded mozzarella', '1/2                          c.                  freshly grated Parmesan', '1/3                          c.                  sliced pepperoni', '1/4                          tsp.                  Italian seasoning', 'Fresh chopped parsley, for garnish']","Heat broiler. In a large oven-safe skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add one tortilla to skillet and spread about half of pizza sauce on top. Scatter garlic on top and sprinkle with half of mozzarella, Parmesan, pepperoni, and Italian seasoning.,Top with second tortilla and cook until cheese is melty and tortilla is golden.,When ready to flip, cover skillet with a large plate and invert skillet to transfer quesadilla onto plate, then slide quesadilla back into skillet, cooked-side up. Top with remaining pizza sauce, mozzarella, Parmesan, pepperoni, and Italian seasoning.,Place skillet under broiler and broil until cheese is melty and pepperoni are crispy, about 2 minutes.,Garnish with parsley before serving.",https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a50047/pizzadillas-recipe/
Pizzadilla,0,"['1 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil', '2 medium flour tortillas', '1/3 c. pizza sauce', '2 cloves garlic, minced', '1 c. shredded mozzarella', '1/2 c. freshly grated Parmesan', '1/3 c. sliced pepperoni', '1/4 tsp. Italian seasoning', 'Fresh chopped parsley, for garnish']","Heat broiler. In a large oven-safe skillet over medium heat, heat oil. Add one tortilla to skillet and spread about half of pizza sauce on top. Scatter garlic on top and sprinkle with half of mozzarella, Parmesan, pepperoni, and Italian seasoning.,Top with second tortilla and cook until cheese is melty and tortilla is golden.,When ready to flip, cover skillet with a large plate and invert skillet to transfer quesadilla onto plate, then slide quesadilla back into skillet, cooked-side up. Top with remaining pizza sauce, mozzarella, Parmesan, pepperoni, and Italian seasoning.,Place skillet under broiler and broil until cheese is melty and pepperoni are crispy, about 2 minutes.,Garnish with parsley before serving.",https://www.delish.com/cooking/recipe-ideas/recipes/a50047/pizzadillas-recipe/
